Switching back to our IDE. If we exit full screen out of User.java and go
back over to src/main/resources/application.properties,
go to the end of our file and add in spring.jpa.generate‑ddl=true and
spring.jpa.hibernate‑ddl‑auto=create, and let's save this, and now what
it will do is it'll go through when the application starts up, it will
read our entities and look for the values inside of here and map them
back to a database table.
And it's going to do its best to guess what these types are and
what they should be mapped to in the database.
So it's going to look at the Long id, the String firstname, the string lastname, and the int age and map that to a user table for us.